Pare down zbctl in 8.8 (#5026)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/concepts/process-instance-creation.md

![create-process](assets/create-process.png)

<details>
   <summary>Create a process instance via Camunda 8 REST API</summary>
   <p>

```
curl -L 'http://localhost:8080/v2/process-instances' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Accept: application/json' \
-d '{
  "processDefinitionKey": "2251799813685249”,
  "processDefinitionVersion": 1

> }'

Reviewer: ❓ Shouldn't this (like a couple of others here) be a POST request? So we're missing `-X POST`, I guess? Maybe this is done by some cURL magic I don't know about here though, happy to learn something new 🤷

Author: Yesssss!

Author: I would love to link you to a man page, but apparently, that's not how those docs work 💩 

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18820100/how-does-data-option-work-in-curl

-d '{
  "processDefinitionKey": "2251799813685249”,
  "processDefinitionVersion": 1
}'
```

> Response:

Reviewer: ❓ Is there a reason not to show the response for this request here like it was shown before?

Author: I did not yet have a chance to run the API. If it's the same, I can add it back.

Author: Mapped the terms, adding in a new commit.

:::

<details>
   <summary>Create a process instance and await results via Camunda 8 REST API</summary>
   <p>

```
curl -L 'http://localhost:8080/v2/process-instances' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Accept: application/json' \
-d '{
  "processDefinitionId": "order-process”,
  "processDefinitionVersion": 1,

>   "variables": { "orderId": "1234" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "awaitCompletion": true,
  "variables": { "orderId": "1234" }
```

-d '{
  "processDefinitionId": "order-process”,
  "processDefinitionVersion": 1,
  "variables": { "orderId": "1234" }
}'
```

> Response:

Reviewer: ❓ Like mentioned above, any reason not to show the response here as well?

Author: I did not yet have a chance to run the API. If it's the same, I can add it back.

:::

<details>
   <summary>Create a process instance and await results via Camunda 8 REST API</summary>
   <p>

```
curl -L 'http://localhost:8080/v2/process-instances' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Accept: application/json' \
-d '{
  "processDefinitionId": "order-process”,
  "processDefinitionVersion": 1,
  "awaitCompletion": true,
  "variables": { "orderId": "1234" }
}'
```

Response:

```
{

>   "processKey": 2251799813685249,

Reviewer: 🔧 We need to adjust the response mapping like we did above

Author: Done.

Start instructions are supported for both `CreateProcessInstance` commands.

<details>

>    <summary>Create a process instance and await results via Camunda 8 REST API</summary>

Reviewer: This does not wait for the instance completion, so this description is not correct. I believe we can copy the previous title for this (or stick close to that one at least).

Author: This was a copy-and-paste error, I think. 🙈

>    <summary>Create a process instance and await results via Camunda 8 REST API</summary>

Author: ```suggestion
   <summary>Create a process instance and start at a user-defined element</summary>
```

   <p>

```
curl -L 'http://localhost:8080/v2/process-instances' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Accept: application/json' \
-d '{
  "processDefinitionId": "order-process”,
  "processDefinitionVersion": -1,
  "startInstructions": [
    {
      "elementId": "ship_parcel"
    }
  ],
  "variables": { "orderId": "1234" }
}'

> ```

Author: This was the only example on the page that used a Java code example, while the rest used zbctl (which I converted to cURL). For consistency, I converted this one as well.

Author: Enthusiastic emoji response, resolving.
